12525 move web2print to bundle (#14175)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/Development_Documentation/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

- [Documents] 
  - Removed `$types` property from `Pimcore\Model\Document`. Use `getTypes` method instead.
  - Removed `pimcore:document:types` from config. The types will be represented by the keys of the `type_definitions:map`

>   - Adding document cleanup command to clean up unused tables and document types, see [Documents](../../03_Documents/README.md#page_Cleanup-Documents-Types)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added `pimcore:documents:cleanup` command to remove documents with specified types and drop the related document type tables, useful in the cases like the removal of headless documents or web2print page/containers after uninstallation,  see [Documents](../../03_Documents/README.md#page_Cleanup-Documents-Types)
```
